COMMUNITY.md, before:

# Welcome to the Microsoft Power Platform Developer Tools Community!



Power Platform Developer Tools automate common build and deployment tasks related to Power Platform.
This includes synchronization of solution metadata (a.k.a. solutions) between development environments and source control,
generating build artifacts, deploying to downstream environments, provisioning/de-provisioning of environments,
and the ability to perform static analysis checks against your solution using the PowerApps checker service.

Below are some ways that you can get involved in the MPPDT Community.

**Citizen developers and Professional developers, all are welcome. Come, contribute, and learn more about Power Platform Developer Tools.**

## Engage on Github

File issues, submit PRs, and provide feedback and ideas to what you'd like to see from the Power Platform Developer Tools.
We do our best to respond to each submission.



## Public Community Office Hours

We regularly have Community Office Hours that are open to the **public** to join (_third (3rd) Thursday of the month between 11:00am - 12:00pm US Pacific Time - Excluding holidays_). 

### Announcement
:yellow_circle:
:yellow_circle: :yellow_circle: :yellow_circle: </br>
We are so happy to be back with the first episode of 2024 this month of February. 

There are some change that we will share during our episode on February 15, 2024 and we are looking forward to your attendence. In the meantime, please feel free to send us any feedback/questions/comments at **https://aka.ms/ProDevOfficeHours**.

Thank you,</br>
Microsoft Power Platform Developer Tools </br>
:yellow_circle: :yellow_circle: :yellow_circle: :yellow_circle: </br>

Add Power Platform Developer Tools event to your calendar. 

To join our office hours click this meeting link: [Meeting link](https://teams.microsoft.com/l/meetup-join/19%3ameeting_OWU2ZjljNTItOGFhYy00ZWM5LTk2YmEtYmNjYmMxODY0N2E4%40thread.v2/0?context=%7b%22Tid%22%3a%2272f988bf-86f1-41af-91ab-2d7cd011db47%22%2c%22Oid%22%3a%22044be130-b504-4a44-a3b6-47e75194f2dc%22%7d).

**To call in (audio only)**
- +1 323-849-4874,,379639014#   United States, Los Angeles
- Phone Conference ID: 379 639 014# 

To keep topics organized, please submit what you'd like us to cover here:
[https://aka.ms/ProDevOfficeHours](https://aka.ms/ProDevOfficeHours)



**Why should you attend?**
- You have a difficult accessibility question.
- You need help getting a your challenge resolved.
- You want to learn more about Power Platform Developer Tools!

**NOTE:** 
- Please feel free to forward this information along with our community starter link: [https://aka.ms/ProDevOfficeHours](https://aka.ms/ProDevOfficeHours).
- We will limit any troubleshooting to 5-minutes max or reach us offline.

<!-- (If you are unable to make it live, all meetings will be recorded and posted online.) -->

## Feedback & Questions

Please use the issues tracker in the home repo: <https://github.com/microsoft/powerplatform-build-tools/issues>

Learn more about the Build Tools [here](https://aka.ms/buildtoolsdoc).

Each tasks wraps the existing [Power Platform CLI](https://aka.ms/PowerPlatformCLI).

## Power Platform Developer Blog

[Power Platform Developer Blog](https://devblogs.microsoft.com/powerplatform/)

Commit message:

Update COMMUNITY.md (#798)
Updated community page for the office hours.

COMMUNITY.md, after:

# Welcome to the Microsoft Power Platform Developer Tools Community!



Power Platform Developer Tools automate common build and deployment tasks related to Power Platform.
This includes synchronization of solution metadata (a.k.a. solutions) between development environments and source control,
generating build artifacts, deploying to downstream environments, provisioning/de-provisioning of environments,
and the ability to perform static analysis checks against your solution using the PowerApps checker service.

Below are some ways that you can get involved in the MPPDT Community.

**Citizen developers and Professional developers, all are welcome. Come, contribute, and learn more about Power Platform Developer Tools.**

## Engage on Github

File issues, submit PRs, and provide feedback and ideas to what you'd like to see from the Power Platform Developer Tools.
We do our best to respond to each submission.



## Public Community Office Hours

We regularly have Community Office Hours that are open to the **public** to join (_third (3rd) Thursday of the month between 11:00am - 12:00pm US Pacific Time - Excluding holidays_). 

### Announcement
:yellow_circle:
:yellow_circle: :yellow_circle: :yellow_circle: </br>
If you have missed the office hours, you can find the recordings and previous ones [here](https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=power+platform+developer+office+hours).

You can find information below to attend the next office hours held every 3rd Thursday of the month during Pacific time-zone.

We highly recommend sending us your questions ahead of time. You can send us any feedback/questions/comments at [**https://aka.ms/ProDevOfficeHours**](https://aka.ms/ProDevOfficeHours).

Thank you,</br>
Microsoft Power Platform Developer Tools </br>
:yellow_circle: :yellow_circle: :yellow_circle: :yellow_circle: </br>

Add Power Platform Developer Tools event to your calendar. 

To join our office hours click this meeting link: [Meeting link](https://teams.microsoft.com/l/meetup-join/19%3ameeting_OWU2ZjljNTItOGFhYy00ZWM5LTk2YmEtYmNjYmMxODY0N2E4%40thread.v2/0?context=%7b%22Tid%22%3a%2272f988bf-86f1-41af-91ab-2d7cd011db47%22%2c%22Oid%22%3a%22044be130-b504-4a44-a3b6-47e75194f2dc%22%7d).

**To call in (audio only)**
- +1 323-849-4874,,379639014#   United States, Los Angeles
- Phone Conference ID: 379 639 014# 

To keep topics organized, please submit what you'd like us to cover here:
[https://aka.ms/ProDevOfficeHours](https://aka.ms/ProDevOfficeHours)



**Why should you attend?**
- You have a difficult accessibility question.
- You need help getting a your challenge resolved.
- You want to learn more about Power Platform Developer Tools!

**NOTE:** 
- Please feel free to forward this information along with our community starter link: [https://aka.ms/ProDevOfficeHours](https://aka.ms/ProDevOfficeHours).
- We will limit any troubleshooting to 5-minutes max or reach us offline.

<!-- (If you are unable to make it live, all meetings will be recorded and posted online.) -->

## Feedback & Questions

Please use the issues tracker in the home repo: <https://github.com/microsoft/powerplatform-build-tools/issues>

Learn more about the Build Tools [here](https://aka.ms/buildtoolsdoc).

Each tasks wraps the existing [Power Platform CLI](https://aka.ms/PowerPlatformCLI).

## Power Platform Developer Blog

[Power Platform Developer Blog](https://devblogs.microsoft.com/powerplatform/)
