README.md, before:

# Power Platform Build Tools

[![PullRequest](https://github.com/microsoft/powerplatform-build-tools/actions/workflows/PullRequest.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/microsoft/powerplatform-build-tools/actions/workflows/PullRequest.yml)
[![Official Build](https://dev.azure.com/dynamicscrm/OneCRM/_apis/build/status%2FDPX-Tools%2Fpowerplatform-build-tools%20Official%20Build?branchName=main)](https://dev.azure.com/dynamicscrm/OneCRM/_build/latest?definitionId=15006&branchName=main)

Power Platform Build Tools automate common build and deployment tasks related to Power Platform.
This includes synchronization of solution metadata (a.k.a. solutions) between development environments and source control,
generating build artifacts, deploying to downstream environments, provisioning/de-provisioning of environments,
and the ability to perform static analysis checks against your solution using the PowerApps checker service.

Learn more about the Build Tools [here](https://aka.ms/buildtoolsdoc).

Each tasks wraps the existing [Power Platform CLI](https://aka.ms/PowerPlatformCLI).

## High level architecture

![High level architecture](docs/assets/images/architecture.png)

## Feedback & Questions

Please use the issues tracker in the home repo: <https://github.com/microsoft/powerplatform-build-tools/issues>

## Community Office Hours

We hold monthly office hours (_every 3rd thursday of the month_) where you can ask specific question to the product team.

See additional details in [COMMUNITY OFFICE HOURS](COMMUNITY.md)

## Contributing

This project will welcome contributions in the near future. At this stage, we're not ready for contributions,
but do welcome your suggestions via this repository's issue tracker.

See details in [CONTRIBUTING](CONTRIBUTING.md)

### Code of Conduct

See details in [CODE_OF_CONDUCT](CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md)

### Security issues

Please report any security concerns or issues as described in this [SECURITY](SECURITY.md) document.

## Trademarks

This project may contain trademarks or logos for projects, products, or services. Authorized use of Microsoft
trademarks or logos is subject to and must follow [Microsoft's Trademark & Brand Guidelines](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/legal/intellectualproperty/trademarks/usage/general).
Use of Microsoft trademarks or logos in modified versions of this project
must not cause confusion or imply Microsoft sponsorship.
Any use of third-party trademarks or logos are subject to those third-party's policies.

Commit message:

Update contribution guidelines to encourage idea discussions instead of enhancement issues

README.md, after:

# Power Platform Build Tools

[![PullRequest](https://github.com/microsoft/powerplatform-build-tools/actions/workflows/PullRequest.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/microsoft/powerplatform-build-tools/actions/workflows/PullRequest.yml)
[![Official Build](https://dev.azure.com/dynamicscrm/OneCRM/_apis/build/status%2FDPX-Tools%2Fpowerplatform-build-tools%20Official%20Build?branchName=main)](https://dev.azure.com/dynamicscrm/OneCRM/_build/latest?definitionId=15006&branchName=main)

Power Platform Build Tools automate common build and deployment tasks related to Power Platform.
This includes synchronization of solution metadata (a.k.a. solutions) between development environments and source control,
generating build artifacts, deploying to downstream environments, provisioning/de-provisioning of environments,
and the ability to perform static analysis checks against your solution using the PowerApps checker service.

Learn more about the Build Tools [here](https://aka.ms/buildtoolsdoc).

Each tasks wraps the existing [Power Platform CLI](https://aka.ms/PowerPlatformCLI).

## High level architecture

![High level architecture](docs/assets/images/architecture.png)

## Feedback & Questions

Please use the issues tracker in the home repo: <https://github.com/microsoft/powerplatform-build-tools/issues>

## Community Office Hours

We hold monthly office hours (_every 3rd thursday of the month_) where you can ask specific question to the product team.

See additional details in [COMMUNITY OFFICE HOURS](COMMUNITY.md)

## Contributing

This project will welcome contributions in the near future. At this stage, we're not ready for contributions,
but do welcome your suggestions. Many open source projects ask for enhancement suggestions in the form of issues. We prefer that you start an [idea discussion](https://github.com/microsoft/powerplatform-build-tools/discussions/new?category=ideas) instead of creating enhancement issues.

See details in [CONTRIBUTING](CONTRIBUTING.md)

### Code of Conduct

See details in [CODE_OF_CONDUCT](CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md)

### Security issues

Please report any security concerns or issues as described in this [SECURITY](SECURITY.md) document.

## Trademarks

This project may contain trademarks or logos for projects, products, or services. Authorized use of Microsoft
trademarks or logos is subject to and must follow [Microsoft's Trademark & Brand Guidelines](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/legal/intellectualproperty/trademarks/usage/general).
Use of Microsoft trademarks or logos in modified versions of this project
must not cause confusion or imply Microsoft sponsorship.
Any use of third-party trademarks or logos are subject to those third-party's policies.
